What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, a .git file is initiated, and it beomes possible
 to make commits and track changes in your files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area doesn't become permanent record like the working 
directory, and if you reset a file from the staging area, that won't
become part of the git log.  I think the value is making it less likely
that you will accidentally committing unwanted changes that end up being a part 
of the project.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

I can check the staging area before committing, and reset files that I don't
want included in the commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches could be used when you want to make a different version of the 
same program, or if you wanted to experiment without affecting the main
branch.   The branches help by allowing you to leave the master version
alone while also spinning off or experimenting.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams help me understand which branch I should be in if I want to work from
a particular commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

When you merge two branches, it implements all changes made on both branches
and interleaves the commits from each branch, ordered by timestamp.  Representing
the branches separately on the diagram, before the merge, distinguishes the 
different lineages of the commits.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Git's automatic merging tool is great at helping teams develop individually and
thereafter merge their modifications and additions.  Always doint merging would
require more time that could be used in a better way.  The downside is that Git
isn't always able to merge them correctly and may sometimes seem "picky". Overall,
it's better than having to merge manually.
